you can have you can have the right phone
sorry
boys bossing me around like I'm on your payroll
Nathan Forbes the chosen one here
yeah he says to do that pretty
wait how much
Nathan you wanna hear this
which bank is it
it's your Amex bro
somebody just put 150 k on your black card
it's a car right
no at the department store
there's two of them
yeah I'm
I'm with them
sure we'll we'll head there now
dude
mxt 2 randoms got a hold of her car and just went crazy
I don't I don't know what's going on
I told her it was for medical fees
do you think Blair Rose is messing with me Nathan
what are you talking about
I gotta go
I gotta go get my future wife
we're out of trouble what
your future what
hey Phil
I think I'm uh
I think I'm getting married